DEVDOCS-4680: [update] Tax Rates & Zones, more about default tax zone (#1714)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/tax/tax-rates-zones.md

<!-- theme: info -->
> #### Default tax zone

> > The default tax zone, whose zone `id` is 1, covers locations that other zones don't cover. Shoppers in customer groups that don't match a tax zone fall under the default tax zone. You cannot create, disable, or delete the default tax zone. When updating the default tax zone, you cannot adjust the locations or customer groups that it covers.  

Reviewer: 1. `whose` applies to people, not impersonal objects or idea. revise.
2. It's not just shoppers in customer groups who can be left zoneless; ungrouped customers could also have no applicable zone defined. revise.
3. You don't need to create the default tax zone, but i wouldn't put that in the same category as disabling, deleting, or mis-modifying the zone.

Author: @slsriehl Copyedits are made

> > The default tax zone, which has a zone `id` of 1, covers locations that other zones don't cover. Shoppers in customer groups that don't match a tax zone or shoppers that don't belong in a customer group fall under the default tax zone. You cannot disable or delete the default tax zone. When updating the default tax zone, you cannot adjust the locations or customer groups that it covers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The default tax zone, which has a zone `id` of 1, covers locations that other zones don't cover. Shoppers who don't meet the criteria for any manually-defined tax zone fall under the default tax zone. You cannot disable or delete the default tax zone. When updating the default tax zone, you cannot adjust the locations or customer groups that it covers.  
```
is there a reason that we needed to mention the customer groups at all here? I understand there's a bit of complexity re: tax zones generally and tax zones for groups, but I think that's covered elsewhere in the article.

Author: Good point, the catch-all statement is less complicated for users, will use it

<!-- type: tab-end -->

<!-- theme: info -->

> > #### Note

Reviewer: make the callout title more specific. when they are called "Note" we have a bunch of duplicate anchor links on the page.

Author: @slsriehl Callout is now specific to updating a zone
